#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --constraint=constraints.txt
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
aiobotocore==2.22.0
    # via s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dask-gateway
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.2
    # via datacube
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antimeridian==0.4.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via geocube
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   datacube
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.25.1
    # via
    #   cloud-logger
    #   dep-tools
beartype==0.20.2
    # via plum-dispatch
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via gdown
blis==1.3.0
    # via thinc
bokeh==3.7.3
    # via dask
boto3==1.37.3
    # via dep-tools
botocore==1.37.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-geo
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   geocube
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
    #   typer
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloud-logger @ git+https://github.com/jessjaco/cloud-logger.git
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpathlib==0.21.0
    # via weasel
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fastai
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via azure-storage-blob
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   stackstac
dask-gateway==2025.4.0
    # via dep-tools
dask-image==2024.5.3
    # via odc-algo
datacube==1.9.3
    # via odc-algo
decorator==5.2.1
    # via retry
dep-tools @ git+https://github.com/digitalearthpacific/dep-tools.git@pass-through-odc-loader
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecat==2.1.3
    # via datacube
distributed==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
fastai==2.8.1
    # via omnicloudmask
fastcore==1.8.2
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
    #   fasttransform
fastdownload==0.0.7
    # via fastai
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fasttransform==0.0.2
    # via fastai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
fiona==1.10.1
    # via dep-tools
fonttools==4.58.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
gdal==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   dep-tools
gdown==5.2.0
    # via omnicloudmask
geoalchemy2==0.17.1
    # via datacube
geocube==0.7.1
    # via dep-tools
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
hf-xet==1.1.1
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.31.1
    # via timm
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via dask
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lark==1.2.2
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via fastai
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via distributed
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==1.39.0
    # via bokeh
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numexpr==2.10.2
    # via odc-algo
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   blis
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   spacy
    #   stackstac
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   xarray
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
odc-algo==0.2.3
    # via dep-tools
odc-geo==0.4.10
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
odc-loader==0.5.1
    # via odc-stac
odc-stac==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dep-tools
omnicloudmask @ git+https://github.com/DPIRD-DMA/OmniCloudMask.git
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pims
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pyogrio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cloud-logger
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   fastai
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-stac
    #   stackstac
    #   xarray
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   fastai
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pims==0.7
    # via dask-image
planetary-computer==1.0.0
    # via dep-tools
plum-dispatch==2.5.7
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fasttransform
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via distributed
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via dask
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   confection
    #   planetary-computer
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pystac[validation]==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-stac
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
pystac-client==0.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dep-tools
    #   planetary-computer
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via planetary-computer
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   timm
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   omnicloudmask
    #   rio-stac
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   fastai
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   spacy
    #   urlpath
    #   weasel
retry==0.9.2
    # via dep-tools
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   typer
rio-stac==0.11.0
    # via dep-tools
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via datacube
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2025.3.2
    # via cloud-logger
s3transfer==0.11.3
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via timm
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via odc-algo
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via fastai
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   fastai
    #   geocube
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
shapely==2.1.0
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   datacube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via weasel
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.5
    # via fastai
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stackstac==0.5.1
    # via dep-tools
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
thinc==8.3.6
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
timm==1.0.15
    # via omnicloudmask
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   partd
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   omnicloudmask
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   timm
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   dep-tools
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omnicloudmask
    #   spacy
triton==3.2.0
    # via torch
typer==0.15.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   odc-stac
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
urlpath==1.2.0
    # via dep-tools
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecat
    #   smart-open
xarray==2025.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via bokeh
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
